(Update) Rootless Windows (#9414)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/harness-ci.md

Harness images are available on Docker Hub, the [Harness project on GAR](http://us-docker.pkg.dev/gar-prod-setup/harness-public), and the [Harness ECR public gallery](https://gallery.ecr.aws/harness). In a continuation of this effort, and to improve stability when pulling Harness-required images, Harness deprecated the Harness-hosted `app.harness` Docker registry effective 15 February 2024. For more information, go to [Connect to the Harness container image registry](/docs/platform/connectors/artifact-repositories/connect-to-harness-container-image-registry-using-docker-connector.md#deprecation-notice-appharness-docker-registry).

## Windows Rootless

> ::: Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

> Currently, the feature to download **rootless lite-engine, add on, and drone-git images for Windows** by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. Contact Harness Support to enable the feature to be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the feature to download **rootless lite-engine, add on, and drone-git images for Windows** by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable the feature to be enabled
```

> Currently, the feature to download rootless **lite-engine**, **ci-addon**, and **drone-git** images for Windows by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable this feature.

Reviewer 2: FF is most likely `CI_ADDON_LE_WINDOWS_ROOTLESS`. Where this is this FF coming from? cc: @abhay084 please review.

Reviewer 3: yes, FF name needs to be updated to `CI_ADDON_LE_WINDOWS_ROOTLESS`

Author: Sorry @hemanthmantri @abhay084 I copied it over and didn't; change it.  I made the adjustment now

> :::info
> Currently, the feature to download **rootless lite-engine, add on, and drone-git images for Windows** by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable the feature to be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
Currently, the feature to download rootless **lite-engine**, **ci-addon**, and **drone-git** images for Windows by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable the feature to be enabled
```

> Currently, the feature to download rootless **lite-engine**, **ci-addon**, and **drone-git** images for Windows by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable the feature to be enabled

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Currently, the feature to download rootless **lite-engine**, **ci-addon**, and **drone-git** images for Windows by default is behind the feature flag, `CDS_SERVICE_OVERRIDES_2_0`. [Contact Harness Support](https://support.harness.io/) to enable this feature.
```

> :::
> Customers who are seeing to utilize Windows Images with rootless operation can do so by downloading the appropriate images.  The rootless Windows version is available as of the following version, or higher:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::

Customers who are seeing to utilize Windows Images with rootless operation can do so by downloading the appropriate images.  The rootless Windows version is available as of the following version, or higher:
```

> Customers who are seeing to utilize Windows Images with rootless operation can do so by downloading the appropriate images.  The rootless Windows version is available as of the following version, or higher:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Customers who are trying to utilize Windows Images with a rootless operation can do so by downloading the appropriate images.  The rootless Windows version is available as of the following version, or higher:
```

Reviewer 4: I changed the grammar, but is the meaning still correct?

* `harness/drone-git:1.6.7-rootless`

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
